Phone Identities Release Review (#3858)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/docs/apis/_tenant-request-body.mdx

  </APIField>

  <APIField name="tenant.userDeletePolicy.unverified.enabled" type="Boolean" optional defaults="false" since="1.13.0">

>     Indicates that users without a verified email address or phone number will be permanently deleted after <InlineField>tenant.userDeletePolicy.unverified.numberOfDaysToRetain</InlineField> days.

Reviewer: If this is going to be updated, how about:
```suggestion
    An optional value that controls if a user that doesn't have either a verified email address or verified phone number is permanently deleted after <InlineField>tenant.userDeletePolicy.unverified.numberOfDaysToRetain</InlineField> days.
```

>     Indicates that users without a verified email address or phone number will be permanently deleted after <InlineField>tenant.userDeletePolicy.unverified.numberOfDaysToRetain</InlineField> days.

Author: I can see the merits of both, but given the component prop already indicates optional, I think Andy's wording made it more clear, so went with his suggestion.
